A frequent and highly dangerous misconception exists regarding our co-sell
agreement: the intuitive but flawed assumption that our sales teams
are suddenly expected to help sell cloud infrastructure. This feels
plausible because partnerships often imply mutual reselling. However, the causal
feature that overturns this is the asymmetry of our products:
Amazon exists specifically to help us gain distinct sales advantages,
not the other way around. They brilliantly supply our teams
with vital account insights regarding internal decision-maker priorities and financial
contexts, provide unparalleled advocacy by leveraging their standing as trusted
advisors, and facilitate critical prospect visibility through joint events and
buyer incentives. Take a moment to internally restate this corrected
logic: AWS provides sales advantages; we do not sell AWS
services.